1.  UART communication, introduction to the laboratory kit, development environment,
    and basics of programming and debugging embedded applications. Event detection
    (incoming data) using polling.

    • Assignment details; when solving this task, take a look on the Chapter 38 Universal Asynchronous Receiver/
      Transmitter(UART) (beginning at page 693), and also the Laboratory Kit Schematic (e.g. to identify the UART
      receiver and transmitter pins on the MCU interface):

        o This assignment requires you to set up and run a PC terminal application
          (e.g. Putty) for communication between the PC (USB) and the laboratory kit
          (UART) with the following parameters: baud rate 115200 Bd (b/s), 8 data bits
          per frame, 1 stop bit, no parity, connection via COMx on the PC (the exact
          value of "x" may differ between PCs):

        o Complete the template of the laboratory so that the resulting application
          behaves according to the following expected behaviour (see comments in C code):

            - After the "Login>" prompt, the user will type characters on the PC keyboard
              via the terminal in Putty. Each character will be received on the MCU 
              side by the UART receiver module and immediately sent back to the PC by 
              the UART transmitter module, so that it appears in the terminal.

            - The application will store incoming characters into a character array
              "entered_login", in the order they arrive. After the array is full
              (i.e. after receiving 8 characters), the application will compare the
              contents of "login" with the contents of a reference string (see the
              "correct_login", which you MUST initialize with the string corresponding
              to your FIT VUT login or other desired string).

            - If the strings are identical, the application will exit your for loop and 
              produce a sound ("beep"), e.g. to signal access granted, by calling
              the beep() function. Otherwise, i.e. if the strings do not match,
              the application will print a suitable message to the PC terminal,
              e.g. "INCORRECT", informing the user that access was denied, and will allow
              the user to enter the eight characters again.

            - Follow the comments in C template at the appropriate places; implement the
              character receive function using a polling loop. Exactly in the functions:
              + static char uart_recv_char(void)
              + int main(void)